Most people fail, not because of lack of desire, but, because of lack of commitment. ::: Vince Lombardi
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. ::: Henry David Thoreau
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. ::: Michael Jordan
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone. ::: Michal Joan Bobak
If you think lifting is dangerous, try being weak. Being weak is dangerous. ::: Bret Contreras
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. ::: Vidal Sassoon
The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow." ::: Arnold Schwarzenegger
Get comfortable with being uncomfortable! ::: Jillian Michaels
A champion is someone who gets up when they can't. ::: Jack Dempsey
Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't. ::: Jerry Rice
Sometimes you don't realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness. ::: Susan Gale
No pain, no gain. ::: Unknown
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. ::: Wayne Gretzky
You must do the thing you think you cannot do. ::: Eleanor Roosevelt
In training, you listen to your body. In competition, you tell your body to shut up. ::: Rich Froning Jr.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination. ::: Tommy Lasorda
If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done. ::: Thomas Jefferson
The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do. ::: Swati Sharma
Nothing will work unless you do. ::: Maya Angelou
There's no secret formula. I lift heavy, work hard, and aim to be the best. ::: Ronnie Coleman
Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do. ::: Oprah Winfrey
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever. ::: Lance Armstrong
Just believe in yourself. Even if you don't pretend that you do and, and some point, you will. ::: Venus Williams
All great achievements require time. ::: Maya Angelou
I train to be the best in the world on my worst day. ::: Ronda Rousey
Once you are exercising regularly, the hardest thing is to stop it. ::: Erin Gray
The best way to predict the future is to create it. ::: Abraham Lincoln ::: Unknown
Rome wasn't built in a day, but they worked on it every single day. ::: Unknown
Your body can stand almost anything. It's your mind that you have to convince. ::: Unknown
What seems impossible today will one day become your warm-up. ::: Unknown
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway. ::: Earl Nightingale
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. ::: Babe Ruth
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. ::: Sean Patrick Flanery
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. ::: Jim Rohn
You did not wake up today to be mediocre. ::: Unknown
Push harder than yesterday if you want a different tomorrow. ::: Unknown
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. ::: Jim Ryun
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. ::: Mark Twain
If you fail to prepare, you're prepared to fail. ::: Mark Spitz
When you have a clear vision of your goal, it's easier to take the first step toward it. ::: LL Cool J
When I feel tired, I just think about how great I will feel once I finally reach my goal. ::: Michael Phelps
The only bad workout is the one that didn't happen. ::: Unknown
Don't be afraid of failure. This is the way to succeed. ::: LeBron James
You should never stay at the same level. Always push yourself to the next. ::: Marnelli Dimzon
Action is the foundational key to all success. ::: Pablo Picasso
You can either suffer the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. :::Jim Rohn
We can push ourselves further. We always have more to give. ::: Simone Biles
Every champion was once a contender who refused to give up. ::: Rock Balboa
Keep working even when no one is watching. ::: Alex Morgan
Don't dream of winning. Train for it! ::: Mo Farah
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. ::: Jim Rohn
Fitness is not about being better than someone else. It's about being better than you used to be. ::: Khloe Kardashian
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. ::: Walt Disney
Great things come from hard work and perseverance. No excuses. ::: Kobe Bryant
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you. ::: Arnold Palmer
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. ::: Winston Churchill
Your mind will quit a thousand times before your body will. ::: Reginald Red
I've grown most not from victories, but setbacks. If winning is God's reward, then losing is how he teaches us. ::: Serena Williams
Set your goals high, and don't stop until you get there. ::: Bo Jackson
Get ready, be prepared. So when opportunities finally show themselves, you'll be able to own them. ::: Hannah Gabriels
Get comfortable with being uncomfortable! ::: Jillian Michaels
Time, Effort, Sacrifice, and Sweat. How will you pay for your goals? ::: Usain Bolt
He who is not courageous enough to take risks, will accomplish nothing in life. ::: Muhammad Ali
It's supposed to be hard. If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it.  The hard is what makes it great.  ::: Tom Hanks
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. ::: Vidal Sassoon
The clock is ticking. Are you becoming the person you want to be? ::: Greg Plitt
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. ::: Bruce Lee
No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn't trying. ::: Tony Robbins
Making excuses burns zero calories per hour. ::: Unknown